Bobby
-----

You know how some people say that they have an angel and a devil sitting
on their shoulders, whispering into their ears? Well, I also have two figures
sitting on my shoulders...one is dressed in a suit and has a suitcase, and
I'm afraid that he's a lawyer. The other one wears a straitjacket and
always yells things like "KISS THE RABBIT", "LOOK AT THOSE TOES" or
"WE NEED MORE BLOOD"...I'm not sure to which one I should listen...


???
---
No, I'm not an experienced user...I bought this account on ebay.
What is this "Stack Overflow" you talk about?


Straitjacket, Padded Cell, Asylum
---------------------------------

Nothing.


Kobobby, Garden Gnobobby
------------------------

Meta is like a tea-party with everyone having fun...except it's on the backs of
unicorns, on a green summer meadow, with kobolds dancing around, dragons flying
overhead in the sky underneath a beautiful rainbow and the loveliest clouds...
...until someone grabs his bazooka and goes all rampage on the garden gnomes...
again...it goes pretty much down hill from there every time...


Urist McBobby
-------------

I think leading Stack Exchange must be similar to playing Dwarf Fortress...
Upper Management has command of some useful dwarfs, Urist McDeveloper and
Urist McModerator for example, and then there's the rest of the fort.
While Upper Management has big plans for the future, a big awesome and
abstract concept of a future society living below the earth and beyond
the clouds, and looks closely that all the useful dwarfs actually get some work
done, there's all those other people sitting in the legendary dining room...
doing nothing except throwing parties, getting drunk on booze, getting laid,
complain for the lack of variety in the food and why the walls of the bedrooms
are not engraved with awesome pictures of the
"Jeff Defending The Unicorns From The Dragons" tale.

Now, if we look at the Meta users, we realize that we have a pretty big bunch of
Cheesemakers, Beekeepers and Peasants...that's not particularly bad. But then
there are also the Nobles, high rep users, which are doing their best to comply
with Upper Management and fulfill their wishes. Oh, by the way, here's a notice
from upper management:

    To all Nobles of Stack Exchange.

    Our firstannual meetup for all Nobles
    will be held in the rooms of the legendary Roosevelt Hotel
    in New York. You're all invited to come, as we pay for
    the rooms, food, booze and your journey costs.

    Signed, Upper Management

    P.s.: Please don't mind the fact that we only pay you
    a One-Way-Ticket.
    P.p.s.: Please don't mind that there's a lever at the entrance
    to the big room in which you will be gathered.


Waffelized Bobby
----------------

*tv.spot.fades.out* Because you can be waffelized, too!


Unicornified Bobby
------------------

Also try our new products today! Don't forget, you can be unicornified, too!


Sulfurized Demonbobby
---------------------

I can fart sulfur...FEAR ME!


M. Night Demonbobby
-------------------

Plot Twist: Meta is actually just Reddit with a different design.


Time Traveling Bobby
--------------------

Time travel is easy, you see? You get send back and you receive a place and
a fixed schedule for pickup. The schedule is a simple "be there every three days
at 3 o'clock" or "be there every 74 hours". Doesn't matter if you're there,
they scan the next hundred years for your signature in a matter of seconds.
So you can come to your pickup late by 50 years, doesn't matter, you go home.
Easy. Now if you're at your scheduled pickup and nothing happens, then there are
only two possibilities: They don't want to get you home or they can't.
So when you walk away from a pickup that did not happen, you can be sure
to spend the rest of your life in whatever age you are. Easy.

